This advice works not just with react but in programming in general.
And right here I say trim the fat.
But what I really mean is that breaking down things into small simple units is a good way of programming.
You have a giant component with a lot of sex.
Good.
Then most likely why you want to do is break that into smaller components.
Sure it might be more JavaScript files you might say.
Oh that's gonna get a little too messy.
Too many JavaScript files.
Well then I argue that perhaps you should organize your files in a better system because although Yeah
we might have more JavaScript files we'll have more components.
What we do by breaking things down is that we make things easier to test easier to understand and less
likely to break right if things are just small units that just concern themselves with one specific
thing they're less likely to break.
They're also easier for people to understand.
They open up a file and you have 30 lines of code that's easy to read.
Then a giant component that you have to go line by line to figure out what's happening.
So ninety nine percent of the time if you think that component can be broken down into smaller components.
Yeah go ahead and do it although it just may generate more files a code in the end.
As projects get larger and larger the idea of having reusable components becomes more and more important.
So trim the fat people.